Add server side translations capability (#9733)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

  `minetest.translate`, but is in translation files.
* `@n` acts as a literal newline as well.

Server side translations
------------------------

On some specific cases, server translation could be useful. For example, filter
a list on labels and send results to client. A method is supplied to achieve
that:

`minetest.get_translation(lang_code, string)`: Translates `string` using
translations for `lang_code` language. It gives the same result as if the string
was translated by the client.

> The `lang_code` to use for a player can be retrieved calling
> `minetest.l_get_player_information(name)` method.
> 
> Keep in mind that it is always simpler to let the client translate whenever it
> is possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lang_code` to use for a given player can be retrieved from
the table returned by `minetest.get_player_information(name)`.

IMPORTANT: This functionality should only be used for sorting, filtering or similar purposes.
You do not need to use this to get translated strings to show up.
```
